Add details for .NET 5 TFMs (#21356)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/frameworks.md

The following table shows the compatibility of the .NET 5 TFMs with TFMs for previous .NET versions.

| TFM             | Compatible with                                            | Notes |
|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------------|-|
| net5.0          | net1..4 (with NU1701 warning)<br />netcoreapp1..3.1 (warning when WinForms or WPF is referenced)<br />netstandard1..2.1 | |
| net5.0-android  | xamarin.android (plus everything else inherited from `net5.0`) | |
| net5.0-ios      | xamarin.ios (plus everything else inherited from `net5.0`) | |
| net5.0-macos    | xamarin.mac (plus everything else inherited from `net5.0`) | |
| net5.0-tvos     | xamarin.tvos (plus everything else inherited from `net5.0`) | |
| net5.0-watchos  | xamarin.watchos (plus everything else inherited from `net5.0`) | |
| net5.0-windows  | netcoreapp1..3.1 (plus everything else inherited from `net5.0`) | Includes WinForms, WPF, and UWP APIs.<br />For information, see [Call Windows Runtime APIs in desktop apps](/windows/apps/desktop/modernize/desktop-to-uwp-enhance). |

#### Suggested targets

Use these guidelines to determine which TFM to use in your app:

> - Apps that are universal or portable to many platforms should target `net5.0`. This includes most libraries but also ASP.NET Core and Entity Framework.

Reviewer: Nit: I would not use the term "universal" - sounds too much like "UWP". Also so far we've been using "portable" as the term for apps which can run on multiple platforms.

> - Apps that are universal or portable to many platforms should target `net5.0`. This includes most libraries but also ASP.NET Core and Entity Framework.

Author: ```suggestion
- Apps that are portable to multiple platforms should target `net5.0`. This includes most libraries but also ASP.NET Core and Entity Framework.
```

> - Platform-specific libraries should target platform-specific flavors. For example, WinForms and WPF controls should target `net5.0-windows`.

Reviewer 2: "controls" sounds odd here. How about "projects"?
```suggestion
- Platform-specific libraries should target platform-specific flavors. For example, WinForms and WPF projects should target `net5.0-windows`.
```
